there it is the casino perfect that's
where I'll find the Penguins
like a bunch of little girls chimichenga
these fellows it filled with baby birds
I dropped down grab the Penguins and we
are ready oh oh let me drop down I'll
grab the pinky I'm gonna yeah you see it
knock down and get me animal control the
first
get me danda wha I am so happy to see
you fool how could you let them get away
all my fist on it boys giraffa twelve
o'clock guys we got a tail through
Europe without attracting attention wait
circuit is trend is for circus animals
only I don't trust line here too big and
glossy in not lyin lyin ass ah it's
awkward remember we just lay low just
until the heat dies down we're in this
Apple mark Murray that the debtor that
the circus tent attended an adduct afro
circus afro circus afro pick it up pull
it up Bogota afro really
no like
I
what